=pod

=head1 NAME

DateTime::Format::DateParse - Parses Date::Parse compatible formats

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use DateTime::Format::DateParse;

    my $dt = DateTime::Format::DateParse->parse_datetime( $date );
    my $dt = DateTime::Format::DateParse->parse_datetime( $date, $zone );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is a compatibility wrapper around L<Date::Parse>.

=head1 USAGE

=head2 Import Parameters

This module accepts no arguments to it's C<import> method and exports no
I<symbols>.

=head2 Methods

=head3 Class Methods

=over 4

=item * parse_datetime($date [, $zone])

Accepts a L<Date::Parse> compatible C<$date> string and optionally a
L<Time::Zone> compatible C<$zone> string.

Returns a L<DateTime> object.

=back

=head1 DEVELOPER NOTES

If L<parse_datetime> is called without C<$zone> then the timezone defaults to
C<UTC>.  This may or may not cause incompatable behavior with L<Date::Parse>
when parsing date formats that do not have a time component.

=head1 CREDITS

Just me, myself, and I.

=head1 SUPPORT

Please contact the author directly via e-mail.

=head1 AUTHOR

Joshua Hoblitt <jhoblitt@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2005  Joshua Hoblitt. All rights reserved. This program is free
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl
itself.

The full text of the licenses can be found in the I<LICENSE> file included with
this module, or in L<perlartistic> and L<perlgpl> as supplied with Perl 5.8.1
and later.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<DateTime>, L<Date::Parse>

=cut
